`riscv32` platform support (#117874)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/platform-support/riscv32imac-unknown-none-elf.md

# `riscv32{i,im,imc,imac,imafc}-unknown-none-elf`

**Tier: 2/3**

Bare-metal target for RISC-V CPUs with the RV32I, RV32IM, RV32IMC, RV32IMAFC and RV32IMAC ISAs.

## Target maintainers

* Rust Embedded Working Group, [RISC-V team](https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg#the-risc-v-team)

## Requirements

The target is cross-compiled, and uses static linking. No external toolchain
is required and the default `rust-lld` linker works, but you must specify
a linker script. The [`riscv-rt`] crate provides a suitable one. The
[`riscv-rust-quickstart`] repository gives an example of an RV32 project.

[`riscv-rt`]: https://crates.io/crates/riscv-rt
[`riscv-rust-quickstart`]: https://github.com/riscv-rust/riscv-rust-quickstart

## Building the target

This target is included in Rust and can be installed via `rustup`.

## Testing

> This is a cross-compiled no-std target, which must be run either in a simulator
> or by programming them onto suitable hardware. It is not possible to run the
> Rust testsuite on this target.
> 
> ## Cross-compilation toolchains and C code
> 
> This target supports C code. If interlinking with C or C++, you may need to use
> riscv64-unknown-elf-gcc as a linker instead of rust-lld.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a cross-compiled `no-std` target, which must be run either in a simulator
or by programming them onto suitable hardware. It is not possible to run the
Rust test-suite on this target.

## Cross-compilation toolchains and C code

This target supports C code. If interlinking with C or C++, you may need to use
`riscv64-unknown-elf-gcc` as a linker instead of `rust-lld`.
```

Reviewer 2: In a follow-up PR making this target tier two, it would be good to include these suggestions, @MabezDev :)
